1. Line 12 would print "3", the length of prices array. Since it is a var declaraction of i, it can be called outside of the for block scope. Since the variable i is being incremented during the for loop, it will print the last value of i after the for loop which would be 2+1= 3.
2. Line 13 would print "150", the discounted price of the last price within the prices array. Since it is a var declaraction, it can be called outside of the for block scope. With every iteration, the variable discountedPrice declared to that iteration's price of interest, removing the old value and replacing with that iteration's discounted price. During the last iteration, it was finding the discounted price of $300 at 50% off so 150.
3. Line 14 would print "150", the final price of the last price within the prices array. Since it is a var declaraction, it can be called even inside of the for loop. With every iteration, the variable finalPrice changed to that iteration's price of interest, removing the old value and replacing with that iteration's discounted price. During the last iteration, it was finding the discounted price of $300 at 50% off so 150.
4. It will not print anything but it will return an array of the discounted prices by the given discount rate. [50 100 150]
5. Line 12 would give an error because the variable i is declared as a let within the for loop, thus it cannot be called outside of the for loop. Since the print call is outside of the for loop, it will give an error.
6. Line 13 would give an error because the variable discountedPrice is declared as a let within the for loop, thus it cannot be called outside of the for loop. Since the print call is outside of the for loop, it will give an error.
7. Line 14 would print "150", the final price of the last price within the prices array. Since it is a let declaraction outside of the for loop scope, it can be called. With every iteration, the variable finalPrice changed to that iteration's price of interest, removing the old value and replacing with that iteration's discounted price. During the last iteration, it was finding the discounted price of $300 at 50% off so 150.
8. It will not print anything but it will return an array of the discounted prices by the given discount rate. Since the returned variable is declared oustide of the for loop, it can be returned with the changed values. [50 100 150]
9. It will return an error because since the variable i is declared as a let,